[dcl.attr.grammar] Add note about the semantic ignorability of standard attributes CWG2695 (#6076)
cplusplus/draft: source/declarations.tex

the rules specifying to which entity or statement the attribute can apply or
the syntax rules for the attribute's \grammarterm{attribute-argument-clause}, if any.
\end{note}
\begin{note}

> The \grammarterm{attribute}s specified in \ref{dcl.attr} have optional semantics: given a well-formed program, removing all instances of a particular such \grammarterm{attribute} results in a program whose observable behavior is a conforming realization of the original program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The \grammarterm{attribute}s specified in \ref{dcl.attr} have optional semantics: given a well-formed program, removing all instances of a particular such \grammarterm{attribute} results in a program whose set of possible executions ([intro.abstract]) is a subset of those of the original program.
```

Reviewer 2: ` ([intro.abstract])` should be `iref{intro.abstract}`.
